The first thing is to get the basic setup that we will use 
for asset management. Let's use the following:

assets
  images
  scripts
    app
      config - this is where we will drop our i18n-ms locales
      controllers - emberjs controllers
        home.coffee - This is where we define our HomeLayoutController
      helpers - emberjs and handlebars helpers
        handlebars.coffee - This is where we define our tranlsation helper
      models - emberjs models
      templates - emberjs templates
        layouts
          home.hbs - The base layout for everything else
      views - emberjs views
        application.coffee - The Application view which we connect to layout.
      app.coffee - manifest that loads the other manifests and handles initialization
      controllers.coffee - manifest for controllers
        home.coffe - This is where we declare our home layout controller 
      helpers.coffee - manifest for helpers
        manifest for helpers we need to load
      modles.coffee - manifest for models
      routes.coffee - defines the emberjs routes in our app. 
      views.coffee - manifest for views
        application.coffee - This is where we define our application view. 
    vendor
      bootstrap.js - get a copy and put it here
      minispade.js - get a copy and put it here
      jquery.min.js - get a copy and put it here
      ember.js - get a copy of ember.js and put it here
      handlebars.js - get a copy of handlebars.js and put it here
      i18n.js - get a copy of i18n.js and put it here
    emberjs-i18n.coffee - This loads up our emberjs app
    styles
      bootstrap.css
      bootstrap-responsive.css
locales - this is where the i18n yaml will live
public - this is where index.html, spec.html and compiled assets live
  index.html
  spec.html
Assetfile - The rake-pipeline asset file
Gemfile - This is where we specify our ruby dependencies
Guardfile -  Keeps our assets re-compiling as we make changes
Rakefile - This is where we will keep our localization updating rake tasks
README.md - This is where you can find out more about this app.


1. Create a Gemfile with
  An assets group containing
    rake-pipeline-web-filters
    rake-pipeline-i18n-filters
    localeapp-handlebars-i18n
    coffee-script
    compas
    tilt
    uglifier
  A developement, test group with
    rake
    localeapp
    handlebars
    localeapp-handlebars_i18n

`bundle install

Now lets get to work!

Emberjs basics
  We are not going to do anything fancy with emberjs here because the
point is to show a localizatoin workflow and how that workflow interacts
with ember js.

Step 1. 
#/assets/scripts/app/emberjs_i18n.coffee

Namespace your app and set up a method for updating the application
locale and I18n-js locale.

